---
layout: page
title: LZX-999's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: Ethical Insurance

Ethical Insurance is a lightweight client management application designed to help insurance agents efficiently store and manage client contact information. The application can accommodate up to 1000 clients.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added the live preview feature
  * **What it does**: This feature enhances user experience by providing real-time feedback within the Ethical Insurance interface when the user issues an add/edit command, reducing input errors and improving efficiency. If an error was spotted, the live preview will alert the user by turning the field (e.g., name) red
  * **Justification**: The Live Preview feature improves usability by letting users verify client details in real time before adding/editing the user. It reduces input errors and enhances the overall user experience of Ethical Insurance
  * **Highlights**: Implemented a dynamic Live Preview feature using JavaFX listeners that updates in real time as users type. The system reads each keystroke to detect add or edit commands and instantly reflects changes in the preview. This required integrating event-driven logic into existing command structures and carefully analyzing design alternatives to ensure smooth interaction between the CLI and GUI components. Additionally, new UI components were developed, requiring a deep understanding of the UI architecture and its interactions to ensure the feature worked correctly

<br>

* **Code contributed**: My code contributions can be found in the [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2526s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2025-09-19T00%3A00%3A00&filteredFileName=&chartGroupIndex=11&chartIndex=2)


<br>

* **Project management**:
  * Managed releases `v1.4` (1 release) on GitHub
  * Reviewed PRs thoroughly to ensure the code quality of the peer's PR is not buggy
  * Introduced codecov.yml to ignore files for code coverage evaluation (useful for Ui components which cannot be easily tested)
  * Reported bugs identified in the application that were introduced by peers during testing

<br>

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Updated the GUI color scheme

<br>

* **Documentation**:
  * Developer Guide:
    * Fixed bugs found in Developer Guide (formatting issue for example).
    * Added documentation for the use cases in Developer Guide
    * Modified the Ui class diagram to match the new architecture

